So we are about to discover the pillars are the building blocks of rabbit.
Q And these are exchanges cues topics and bindings.
These are the foundational concepts in regard of rabid MQ or any AM keeps about four of them.
Q These are very important concepts so I'd like you to pay very careful attention to this lecture.
And if you need to please go back and watch it again.
So let's start with four actors of messaging with rabid MQ in rabbit.
Q We of course have a message producer this producer produces some form of message and this message
is being sent to an Xchange this Xchange can be a default Xchange or a custom exchange that you created.
I thought that from the exchange the message is it disrupting mechanism can be defined by you or by
rabit them.
Q As the default with this routeing defined your message is being delivered to a queue this queue is
where the messages are piled up to be sent to the consumers.
So when it reaches the queue it is being delivered to a consumer.
The consumer is waiting there expecting the message.
This can be a bad application.
Some Java application or a simple command line application can be simply anything.
So it is receiving the message at the end.
This lifecycle of messages with rabid MQ using producer message and exchange routing a Q and A consumer
is like an infinite lifecycle.
All these processes and stages are rewind it and replay it whenever you send whenever you try to deliver
a message.
So let's just focus on foundational concepts that we see here and these are producers Xchange routings
cues and consumers.